Make `iss` response parameter required to be sent by the AS (#250)
aaronpk/oauth-v2-1: draft-ietf-oauth-v2-1.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:    REQUIRED. The issuer identifier of the authorization server. See
```

Author: oops good catch, thanks!

Reviewer: Thoughts on adding a reference to mix-up mitigation here? Or is the reference in the `iss` param description enough already?

```suggestion

Clients that interact with two or more authorization servers MUST
take appropriate steps to prevent mix-up attacks. See {{mix-up}} for more details.
```

Author: I think the reference above in the "iss" definition is enough

     client.

"iss":

> :    REQUIRED. The identifier of the authorization server which the

Reviewer 2: Nit: below and in RFC 9207, this parameter is described as "the issuer identifier of the authorization server" but here, it is described only as "the identifier of the authorization server". I think this should also say "the issuer identifier" for consistency

> :    REQUIRED. The identifier of the authorization server which the

Author: ```suggestion
:    REQUIRED. The issuer identifier of the authorization server which the
```

of several types of mix-up attacks.

### Mix-Up Defense via Issuer Identification

This defense requires that the client compare the issuer identifier value that
the authorization server sends in the authorization response to the client. When receiving the authorization
response, the client MUST compare the received issuer identifier to the stored
issuer identifier. If there is a mismatch, the client MUST abort the
interaction.

There are different ways this issuer identifier can be transported to the client:

>  * The issuer information can be transported via the response parameter `iss`

Reviewer 2: nit: "can be" => "is"

>  * The issuer information can be transported via the response parameter `iss`

Author: ```suggestion
 * The issuer information is transported via the response parameter `iss`
```

   (see {{authorization-response}}).

>  * When OpenID Connect is used and an ID Token is returned in the authorization

Reviewer: Now that `iss` is required, is it worth pulling out the OpenID Connect approach entirely? Returning an `id_token` in the front-channel authorization response is not great behavior, and removing the option as a recommendation would simplify mix-up mitigation for client implementors.

Author: Since these are client instructions, I wanted to still cover the bases of the options the client has available. Since the consensus was to require servers to send it but not require clients use this particular method to prevent the attack, it seems most appropriate to leave in this sentence.
